[ADD] Recruitment: time in stage analysis (#10948)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/time_in_stage.rst

======================

> Time in stage analysis

Reviewer: If this is the name of the report, I would capitalize it in any heading in which it appears.

======================

The *Time In Stage Analysis* report provides information on how long applicants stay in each stage

> of the recruitment process. This is important as every job position has specific :ref:`process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the recruitment process. This is important, as every job position has specific :ref:`process
```

details <recruitment/new_job_position/edit>` that state the length of time applicants should expect
to wait between specific stages.

Knowing how long applicants remain in each stage can help highlight possible bottlenecks. Analyzing
this data allows the recruitment team to assess each stage, identify any issues, and pivot their

> strategies to keep all applicants in each stage for the expected amount of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
strategies to move applicants through each stage, within the expected time interval.
```

Time in stage analysis report
=============================

> Start by navigating to :menuselection:`Recruitment app --> Reporting --> Time in Stage Analysis`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the report, navigate to :menuselection:`Recruitment app --> Reporting --> Time in Stage Analysis`.
```

> This presents a line chart of all the job positions, with the stages populating the x-axis, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the report displays data from all job positions, with the stages populating the x-axis, and the
```

> the x-axis, and the number of days populating the y-axis, in a line chart.

Reviewer 2: I recommend adding the chart icon for formatting to increase the readability :)
```suggestion
the x-axis, and the number of days populating the y-axis, in a :icon:`fa-line-chart`
:guilabel:`(Line Chart)`.
```

The default filter is :guilabel:`Last 365 Days Applicant`, showing information for the last 365
days.

> Hover over a stage to reveal a pop-up window listing all the job positions, and the average number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hover over a stage to reveal a popover window listing all the job positions within it, and the average number
```

it, and the average number of days each job position sits in each stage.

> .. image:: time_in_stage/time-in-stage.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: The default Time In Stage Analysis report.
> 

Reviewer 2: IMO this image is unnecessary, since showing the bar chart view is more important as described in the doc.
```suggestion
```

> Bar chart view
> --------------
> 

Reviewer 2: Can remove this heading. I dont see a need for this to be it's own section since it is pretty much a continuation of the previous instruction. This also keeps the in-page table of contents free to jump right to the "use case" section
```suggestion
```

For a more visually digestible view of the information in the :guilabel:`Time In Stage Analysis`

> report, click the :icon:`oi-bar-chart` :guilabel:`(Bar Chart)` icon in the upper-left corner. This

Reviewer 2: Update icon class, oi is incorrect :)
```suggestion
report, click the :icon:`fa-bar-chart` :guilabel:`(Bar Chart)` icon in the upper-left corner. This
```

displays all the information in a bar chart.

In this view, it is easier to visualize the differences between the job positions, regarding how
long applicants stay in each stage. From this view, recruiters can more easily determine which job
positions have delays or bottlenecks at certain stages.

> .. image:: time_in_stage/bar-chart.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: The bar chart view of the Time In Stage Analysis report.

Reviewer 2: I'd like to see this image retaken with some more zoom and hovering over a bar to show the popover mentioned earlier in the doc :)

For example:
![time-in-stage-bar-chart-fs8](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1c032bc9-d508-4dbd-8b8f-65a6d0af6bf8)

```suggestion
.. image:: time_in_stage/bar-chart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The bar chart view of the Time In Stage Analysis report.
```

Use case: comparing times by month
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

With the :guilabel:`Time In Stage Analysis` report, it is possible to see if there are certain

> months where applicants take longer to be moved through the pipeline. To view this data, click the
> :icon:`oi-view-pivot` :guilabel:`(Pivot)` icon in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to use the view name instead of the icon to click (optional)
```suggestion
months where applicants take longer to be moved through the pipeline. To view this data, switch to
the :icon:`oi-view-pivot` :guilabel:`(Pivot)` view in the upper-right corner.
```

This presents the data in a detailed pivot table, with the rows representing the different job
positions, and the columns represent the stages. The average :guilabel:`Days in Stage` populates the
various boxes.

.. note::

>    If a field is empty, that indicates no applicant was in that stage. Instead, all applicants moved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a field is empty, it indicates no applicant has been in that stage. Instead, all applicants moved
```

   from a previous stage without being placed in the stage with an empty field.

.. image:: time_in_stage/time-pivot.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The pivot table view of the Time In Stage Analysis report.

Click :icon:`fa-minus-square-o` :guilabel:`Total` above the job positions column to collapse the
information. Next, click :icon:`fa-plus-square` :guilabel:`Total` again, revealing a drop-down menu.
Click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group` :icon:`fa-caret-down` at the bottom of the list, revealing
further grouping options. Click :guilabel:`Start Date` from the expanded list.

> Now the data presented is grouped with the various months from the previous 365 days for the rows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After doing so, the data presented is grouped with the various months from the previous 365 days for the rows,
```

the rows, leaving the :guilabel:`Days In Stage` as the columns.

.. image:: time_in_stage/time-dates.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The pivot table showing the months averages for times in stage.

In this example, :guilabel:`July 2024` had the longest time that applicants spent in each stage, on
average. In addition, the :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` stage had the longest wait time in July,
with an average of :guilabel:`31.62` days in that stage.

While this report does not display the reasons applicants stayed in the various stages for these

> lengths of time, it can be helpful to know when delays occur.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to seealso the essentials reporting doc
```suggestion
lengths of time, it can be helpful to know when delays occur.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Essentials reporting documentation <../../essentials/reporting>`
```
